# Universal Merit Awards 2024 will be held at BMICH, Colombo: Mahinda Rajapaksa will be the chief guest, Bollywood director Dushyant will direct

India’s Allso Group is organizing the Universal Merit Awards 2024 at the BMICH International Convention Center in Colombo, the capital of Sri Lanka, on 7 August 2024. The director of the event is famous Bollywood film director Dushyant Pratap Singh. Prof Kartik Rawal, Chief Promoter of Universal Merit Awards, said that in the above program, former President and Prime Minister of Sri Lanka Mr. Mahinda Rajapaksa will be the chief guest and Deputy Speaker of Sri Lanka Parliament Ajit Rajapaksa will be the special guest.

Franchise Batao founder and director Ashish Kumar Aggarwal is playing the role of executive producer in this program, while Astrologer Praveen Kumar Joshi is associated with this program as co-organizer. Director Dushyant Pratap Singh informed that talents from 12 countries are being included in this program, out of which selected personalities will be honored. He told that Sri Lanka’s famous music composer and singer Priyanath Rathnayak and chairman of Star Quest company Dr. Isuru Bandara is handling the local command of the program in Sri Lanka.

Chief Promoter Prof Kartik Rawal told that his company Allso Group is organizing Universal Merit Awards 2024 in Colombo, Sri Lanka. For the award, he has given the responsibility of direction to famous Bollywood director Dushyant Pratap Singh. That is why he is sure because Dushyant has successfully completed such international programs before this. Director Dushyant Pratap Singh expressed his gratitude and said that apart from famous personalities of the film world of many countries, people associated with many social, cultural, teachers and other institutions from Sri Lanka and India will participate in this program and this program will achieve new heights.